famous for primping supermodels and
Hollywood starlets celebrity hairstylist
ric pipino gives us a step-by-step guide
on how to achieve the ultimate Bridal
hair style what are the major do's and
don'ts of your wedding day well and the
firm believer that really aren't any
do's and don'ts it's about what works
for you best the most important thing is
to get you the best hairstyle is going
to work with a dress with work we could
personality work with what where your
location is and which is really
important as well my philosophy is all
about a beautiful bride space if you try
to create too much of a hairstyle it
gets too fussy and it gets too dated you
want to keep the simplicity of a bride
looking beautiful and timeless brides
that want to wear their hair down it
really depends on your personality so
unless you have your hairdresser on hand
you know every hour to touch you up
which is you know not really the most
affordable way to do it you may want to
get a style that it's going to last
entire night some people have a style
that that is at certain point they're
going to shake it out and they wanted to
get crazy in wild and have it all down
and sexy and and that's great when they
start dancing so it really depends on on
you and your personality and what you're
looking to achieve it in a night how you
want to look throughout the night short
hair you have a number of choices you
can actually you have the option to even
putting hair extensions and you had to
give a bit more length and a little bit
more fullness to it if it's fine you can
actually put some gel into your hair and
make it shiny and slick that's a harder
look but maybe with a veil with a hair
piece that actually can look quite
beautiful you got this beautiful slicked
hair and a beautiful flower perhaps over
the year that connects you look quite
stunning and then I think it's more
about adding more makeup so it's a
balancing it also depends on the dress
so it all it all fits in together really
facial shape is is very important for a
bride I mean you know you don't want to
have someone who has a broader face
going in with massive curls to make it
wider you want to slim their face down
or if their face is is very thin then
you may want the fullness depends also
depends on the neckline as well if the
necklines follow-up to their neck or not
so it really is a combination of of
dress facial shape hair texture hail and
that's why the consultation when you get
now
is the most important thing with your
hairdresser bring as many photos bring
as much information as you can the whole
world now is based around celebrities
every magazine every item to all that
celebrities revenues 11 people who have
access more access to them and they just
can relate to them better and they see
the different hairstyles and and their
dresses and so they they tend to inspire
them quite a lot we understand that
whole process of you know brides
bringing photos of celebrities in I mean
we do our celebrities here and have done
over the years so we understand how they
go about getting dressed for the day and
the different hairstyles at the same
process everyone's in this then the
wedding day everyone's nervous everyone
knows what theyre you know what they
want or don't want and they're very
self-conscious about their hair and the
makeup and everything so whether you
famous or not famous it doesn t matter
that day is really special for everyone
so you know get as much information and
feel comfortable about your hair all
these factors really need to be thought
about and translated to your head
dresses because that's important for
them to know how that style is going to
hold for the entire day there are so
many different types of hair pieces that
a bride gets to choose when they're
getting married some of the easiest hair
pieces and acessories that you could
actually look for getting ones that have
combs like herpes combs that actually
slip into your hair they hold really
well in different hairstyles most
important thing is to put a hairpiece in
that's going to last the whole day or as
long as you need it to last you don't
want it falling out mid-ceremony or you
know it make it feel uncomfortable so
you really want something that's gonna
hold in the hair really well I think the
biggest tip for a bride is don't overdo
it a beautiful bride is someone quite
simple and elegant and just a beautiful
beautiful makeup not too heavy keep it
natural let your skin come through let
you look pretty don't overdo it keep it
simple that's my advice
you